Update `Skypilot` orchestrator setting docs section (#1931)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/stacks-and-components/component-guide/orchestrators/skypilot-vm.md

#### Additional Configuration

> For additional configuration of the Skypilot orchestrator, you can pass `Settings` depeneding of which cloud you are using which allow you to configure (among others) the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional configuration of the Skypilot orchestrator, you can pass `Settings` depending on which cloud you are using which allows you to configure (among others) the following attributes:
```

@pipeline(
    settings={

>         "orchestrator.vm_azure": skypilot_settings

Reviewer 2: @safoinme maybe the `skypilot` still works? we have to check
